## My Search For a Project 

After weeks of preparing to contribute to open source software, I am finally going to find the ideal project to contribute to.
Before doing that, I wanted to sum up what I am looking for in a project before even considering to contributing to it. 

* It must have a license. 

A project without a license tells me that it is not open source and therefore its something that I cannot contribute to. 

* The README file

I want to make sure to read the README file in order to determine what the project is about which will help me better understand how to use and work on it. 

* A contributing document 

The contributing document is espeically important because its a guide for people like me who are looking forward to contributing to the project and improving it. 

* A code of conduct document 

I find it important that this file is included in the project because it gives me a sense of how welcoming the project is to people who are looking to contribute. 

These are the documents that I want to read before accessing if I want to contribute to these projects or not. There are some projects that I have found while searching:

#### OpenGenus 

I remember thinking when reading the README file that this community seems to be very welcoming, positive, and encouraging but then I realized that it is probably not open source since there is no license file and in order to join, they have to add you as a member. I do not know how long this would take so I rejected this project and moved on to another project that I can potientally contribute to and that looked more like an open source project. 

#### freeCodeCamp

When I found this project, I thought that it is great that all these people came together to help people get started on learning how to code for free. I also thought that I would love to contribute to this because I love the idea of it, so I went on to read the README file and then to the contributions file. I learned that there are several contributions that I can make but the one that I found most appealing was that I could add subtitles to their youtube channel in order to help people who need the subtitiles. This is a great open source project. 

## The Guest Speaker: Karen Sandler 

On October 3, Karen Sandler the executive director of the Software Freedom Conservancy visited Hunter College to give us a presentation. Her presentation was very interesting and really opened my eyes to how important open source software is. There are many things that I have never thought about before. Her words really shocked me. We are in a generation where technology is something that we depend on, and I have never really deeply thought about it until now. I was heartbroken when she told us about her heart defibrillator and her heart condition. When I think about technology like a heart defibrillator, it never came to my mind that is also runs on a software and that software is proprietary. In fact, as my professor mentioned, the software that determines our elections is also proprietary! It really makes me question our democracry and what it is really determined by. Another point that I found interesting that Karen Sandler spoke about is licenses. The class had very interesting questions pertaining to it like how laws for licenses vary by country. I am glad that I had the privilege to listen to her presentation and therefore become more knowledgable about software and how it really has a great impact on our world. 


## Summary of the Week

I spent this week continuously searching for projects that I can contribute to and thinking about the presentation that took place on October 3. I now understand how important open source is and how we can all contribute to make projects better. While searching I found that Duck Duck Go is also open source and realzied how great it is how all these people came together to make a browser that doesn't track you as Google does. I look forward to helping people by finally contributing to a project. 

