## Week 5

#### The article on finding a project to which you can contribute has a great amount of information and advice. It also has links to other webpages that help you in finding projects. Explore these links and comment on which might prove to be useful, and whether they have helped you to narrow down your search.

The article [How to Contribute to Open Source](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#finding-a-project-to-contribute-to) contained a lot of useful information to help me get started and think about how I want to contribute to open-source projects. Fortunately, it also had other links that were also very helpful.

For example, it had a link to an article called [First Timers Only](https://www.firsttimersonly.com). This article explained how someone who was new to coding or who just was new to contributing to projects can find their role in the world of open-source software. I found it interesting how the article puts up Twitter posts of peoples' first time experiences contributing. I saw that most of them felt proud about it. 
This article definitely proved to be useful because it provided even more links to help people who are new get started on their first contribution
I was very happy and excited to find out that there are some helpful resources to encourage and provide help to people like me. 

Another link that I found to be very useful is [First Contributions](https://firstcontributions.github.io). This is a page that helps people get started by providing a website that leads you to issues that need to be fixed and these issues are great for people who want to make their first contribution. I noticed that these issues have the tags: "Good first issue" and "Difficult/easy". I feel like this gives me an idea of where I would like to start and which projects I want to contribute to.  Although, I have not decided yet. 

#### Make some comments about all of this git and GitHub stuff you learned about this week. Hard? Easy? Confusing? Useful?

To be honest, learning git at first was a very confusing experience for me, but eventually after practicing, I got the hang of it.  I now feel confident that I can contribute to projects using my shell to create branches, working on those branches, and then eventually making a pull request. I had to write down all the commands and what they mean in my notes, then I followed my notes as a reference. This made the activity easier to do.  I know also understand the concept of branches. If  I want to work on more issues simutantously, I will now use branches for this.  Of course first I would have to fork the repository of the project to my repository for me to work on issues. In conclusion, git can be confusing at first but with practice the concept and commands becomes more and more second nature. 


#### Summary of my week

This week we learned how to collaberate on projects. We got into teams and one of us was the maintainer,  while the others were the two contributers. We stated some issues, worked on those issues, did pull requests, and had the maintainer merge them. It was great practice and got me more used to using git. I am very happy that I had the oppurtunity to learn more git and how to collerbate on a project. 
