## The Cathedral and the Bazaar

This week I read the article, [The Cathedral and the Bazaar](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html)
written by Eric Steven Raymond. Some concepts impressed me while I was reading this. One of these concepts was that
users are an active component of a software's success. Of course, developers are important but the users are the ones that find
the errors and help improve the project. It reminds me of when my computer asks me if I want to send crash reports to the company
that developed the product and I always agree to this. Another concept that left a good impression on me and kind of surprised me was that Linux's success was due to the frequent and early releases that it made. It gave users the freedom to use a more stable version
or a version with more features but not as stable. Lastly, using better data structures but not as good code is the right way to do it. 

## My Progress 

I sent a pull request to CodeZilla nine days ago but there was no response.[Link to the issue](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla/issues/450). [Link to the pull request](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla/pull/460). All I did was fix some spelling and grammatical mistakes including some missing artciles so I hope to have a response soon. If not then I will have to look for another project to contribute to and conclude that this
open-source project is not very active or welcoming. I am thinking of another project that I can search for but I have no idea yet. 

## Summary of the Week

This week we were doing an activity involving a simulation of how it's like to work on a project with a team of contributors on an upstream project. This week I am more focused on looking for a project and reading the book in more detail. 
It is not an easy read but it is very interesting and I look forward to spend more time reading it when I have spare time. 
