## Kevin Fleming Visits

This week Kevin Fleming came to talk to us about Bloomberg LP's involvement in open source. He was been working at Bloomberg for 7 years. After hearing his presentation, I realized how different it was from when Bill Reyner from Factset came to present. Both are from companies focused on finance and making money. I was very interested to find out a financial company's role in open source software. Apparently, in Factset, workers can allocate a certain number of hours to working on open source while in Bloomberg cooperation, this is prohibited. After coming to this conclusion, it made me wonder how a company can benefit from contributing to open source. This reminded of the article, [Balancing Makers and Takers to scale and sustain Open Source](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source), and I now see the problem that can occur that the article discusses. I would imagine that companies take more than they give contributions, which I feel is a bad thing. I believe that they should balance out the making and taking. It's great that employees in FactSet can use company time to work on contributing back to open source. In conclusion, I learned a lot from these presentations and was very lucky to have had the opportunity to listen to what they had to say. 
    
    
## My Progress 

So, since my pull request for CodeZilla was tragically ignored [CodeZilla](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla/pull/460), I decided to contribute to 30-seconds-of-CPP. As my first contribution to this project, I wanted to make it something simple so that I could access if the project is active and if they will even pay attention to my pull request. I fixed some obvious typos in the [vector.md file](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/blob/master/vector/vector.md). I made an [issue]( https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/issues/443) and went to work on it right away! Sadly, my [Pull request](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/pull/444) immediately failed one check called "build failed". I don't know what this means. So I posted a follow-up comment in the issue asking them to please review it again. I am not sure what to do. Hopefully, they will accept my pull request in the end!!!

Update: My pull request was approved. 

## Summary

This week was very interesting. I was extremely busy with my other classes and I tried my best to focus more. I added more contributions to my contributions page that I forgot to do due to my workload. I made some contributions to Wikipedia and continued to work on an issue that I have been looking at. Overall, this week was very busy but I was glad to have heard Kevin Fleming's interesting presentation! 
