#### My Thoughts On Election Fraud

Technology plays a very big role in modern society. It makes important decisions and in some cases controls the fate of a whole population. We depend on it to perform certain tasks and to perform these tasks correctly. 
I had not realized that something as important as an election could malfunction. To get more insight, 
I read the article:
[Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?).
This article made me realize how important open source is because it explained that the proprietary software that was being used in our election had bugs! I was shocked. I, myself, have taken part in voting and I want my votes to be accounted for. 
It is unacceptable that this can happen. Our democracy should not be determined by these machines. I was very glad to hear that they are making better software to be used here in America as well as around the world. I hope that the situation that happened in Mississippi will not happen again. ElectOs is being created to stop incidents like this from happening. I think
that this is a great idea and am glad that people are realizing what is going on and trying to put a stop to it. 

#### My Progress

I had my pull request accepted recently into the project: 
[30 Seconds of Cpp](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/issues). I was inspired to contribute more. I created an 
[issue](https://github.com/Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp/issues/448). I want to add an unordered_map method called count and demonstrate how it's used and what it is used for. It's been two days and I am still waiting for a reply. I hope that
the maintainer will reply to me and assign me to this issue. 

#### Summary of the Week

* We discussed how System 76 has a new open source BIOS coreboot. We looked at its open source page on GitHub and 
some of the code that was used to write it. 
* I made a pull request fixing grammar mistakes of a file that was accepted. 
* I made an issue that is harder than fixing grammar mistakes and am waiting for a reply from the maintainer.
* I finished all five of my contributions to Wikipedia. 
