##  Thoughts on "Makers and Takers" by Dries Buytaert

This week I read the article [Thoughts on "Makers and Takers"](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source). Some things that agree with are that problems can arise in the open-source community such as the monetization of an open-source project without any contributions being made to it. It bothers me that this is a possibility. I agree that technology companies should become open source. This reminds me of the visit of Karen Sandler where she described that her heart defibrillator is not open source and she described the importance of that and how that can lead to bugs. It opened my eyes to the importance of open source and my overall decision to agree with this article's point. I agree with the concept that takers hurt makers, and that takers don't contribute enough to open source project they tend to use for personal gain.

## Getting Ready to Contribute to Wikipedia

To contribute to Wikipedia, I decided to do my homework and read articles about how to correctly contribute to Wikipedia and what Wikipedia is. The articles [Wikipedia: Contributing to Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contributing_to_Wikipedia#Getting_started) and [Wikipedia: A primer for newcomers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:A_primer_for_newcomers) helped guide me through this. I learned that I can edit pages but I can't create my articles about friends, people I know, etc. I also learned that articles can be marked for deletion. I had not known about this before. In conclusion, when I read through these articles I learned a lot and it set a basis for me how to contribute to Wikipedia. Currently, I am looking through articles on Wikipedia that I am interested in and know something about, but I have not found anything yet. 

## My Progress 

I sent a [pull request](https://github.com/Asiatik/codezilla/pull/460/commits/e1ada733247889c0d3a045a277da2d8443bede4c) but still, no one has replied to my pull request yet. I made this pull request 16 days ago and I am wondering why no one has replied. I want to contribute more to Codezilla, but it seems as if the project maintainers aren't actively looking and merging pull requests. I was thinking of adding documentation to an algorithm and I am hoping that that pull request gets accepted.

## Summary of the Week

This week, I learned more about Wikipedia and was thinking and looking on how to contribute to it. I also am looking for another way to contribute to Codezilla which is the open-source project filled with a collection of algorithms. We also did a git activity this week.
