## Week 4

#### My Experience with the Git Activity 

The Git activity was confusing at first but when I did more of it, I started to understand it more in depth. I think that it was of course very useful because this gave me the opportunity to explore git, how it works, and what conflicts can occur. I defintely experienced a merge conflict more than once. At first I did not know what it meant and what it was but then I realized that it was because I wasnt performing the task in the most efficent way. 

#### My Reaction to the Article: [A Beginner’s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39)

While reading the article, I realized how much I could relate to the author and how she felt when she started to contribute to open-source software. I am very apprehensive and anxious about contributing to projects. I feel like there might be too many gaps in my knowledge or that I may suggest something that is not going to get accepted. I am grateful for the advice she gave regarding starting to contribute to open-source projects for I am entering a world that is very unknown to me. The author suggested to ask questions and her advice will make me more likely to ask questions that cannot be found on google and aren't obvious. In general, this article is helping me ease into the unfamiliar world of open-source software. I would like to read more about other experiences that beginners had and what they wish they knew before they started to contribute. 

#### How I Edited My Classmate's Blogs

Today, I edited a classmate's blog. The process was fairly simple. First, I forked my her repository. Then, I cloned it manually in my terminal to my local machine. From there I was able to cd to the directory and go to her file. I opened her file and added the changes. I pushed the changes by using the command push -u origin. I suggested that she remove some extraneous words that were not needed in her blog.

#### How Is This Process Different From the Slides

This process was different from the slides because there it was stated that one has to ask the maintainers if an issue was to be fixed and this would result in less merge conflicts. During this activity I did not have any merge conflicts. 

#### Summary of The Week

This week we focused on learning Git. At first this process was very confusing for me but then I got the hang of it. I enjoyed learning the commands that we could do from our terminal. I was very grateful that our professor gave us a Git cheatsheet amoung other materials. I found this very helpful.
